### Real-time system
Real time processes are those which have a strict requirement of a deadline. Such as a anti-missile protection system. In practice, custom operating system might suit these use cases. However, linux also provides real-time support. Linux allows for setting a priority value of a process to very high (1 - 99). Process with such priority will preempt the normal running process and start execution until they finish or other higher priority real-time process comes into the picture. Based on the chosen real-time scheduling policy they may run to completion without caring for the timeslice. 

Special care needs to be taken with such processes. For example if they are in a infinite loop or waiting for any resource from a lower priority process, they may hog the cpu for infinity without doing anything. One approach to deal with that is to launch the shell with even higher priority, as the shell is waiting for the IO i.e user input, the scheduler can contine with the other real-time processes and as they start to get stuck for infinity the shell can kill them as user input in shell will just preempt other processes.

The existence of several caching in the system and other processes also makes it difficult to enforce real-time behaviour. Such as the kernel may decide to swap the memory in/from disk in the middle of real-time process etc. Linux kernel provides behaviour to limit the swapping.

For real-time system, it might be better to allocate them sole acess to one of the cpu in the multiprocessor system. This can be done by modifing the behaviour of the init process in the kernel (SysVinit). As the init() process is the first process run by the kernel, and all the future processes are created by fork() followed by exec() originating from it, and we know that the processor affinity and other things are shared by the child processes, so the processor affinity can be set in init() to not use one of the cores in the system. This means all the processes will use cores other than the particular one. In future when we launch the real-time process when can set a hard-affinity to this core, meaning only the real-time-process will have access to the particular core.